# SuperMediaSlideShow
SuperMediaSlideSHow, OBS lua Automated Media Presentation System focused on Images and Videos and a enough Workflow to make a whole movie.

This is a LUA Script for OBS.  It provides a feature rich Slide Show type of presentation where Images/Videos are shown on-the-fly from filesystem folders with no limits on the numbers of files.

Images will play for a specified duration allowing for OBS setup show/hide transitions as well as showing Videos, again with OBS setup transitions etc.  These features are automated implmentations of the OBS Image Source and either the Media or VLC based sources.  A TEXT source can also be defined that will show on the screen the file specification of the currently displayed Image/Video.  The script will also automatically fade down the volume of a defined Audio source when a Video is played and fade up the volume when the Video completes.

A workflow feature is built into the program so that you can define a collection of Media (defined as Images and or Videos) to be presented witihn a named scene.  Each named scene can also name a Next scene that should be transitioned to when the show for a given scene completes.  There is practically no limit to the number of Scenes you can define.  Thus, you can build an entire chain of scenes.  Therefore, it is possible to automate an entire multi-scene multimedia presentation.

The basic inspiration for this software is multi-faceted.  First, came the discovery of OBS and then came the understanding of the deficiencies of the built-in Image-Slide-Show source in OBS and other script based efforts that attempted to overcome these limitations.  I have also been programming since the PDP-11 days (about 45 years) and am now retired.  I wanted to stil program but needed something to interesting to latch onto.  I particlarly wanted to take thousands of old family pictures, scanned from many boxes of old family pictures and make them available to the family in a format that they would actually enjoy viewing as well as without distributing a huge zip file of plain old images/video files.  I figured that presenting them in a grand homemade video with various background audio (both Narration and Music) would be attractive and useful for all.  This would allow the collection to live on vs these old boxes of things being stored and forgotten.

Thus, the SuperMediaSlideShow script program for OBS allows me to acheive all of these goals.  It has been a great learning experience.  I have been a long (way long) time enthusiast of language tools such as Perl, Tcl/Tk (both from infancy), Unix shell(s) and a variety of business oriented high level programming languages.  I have seriously shunned Windows and its toolsets favoring all things Linux (all from a substantial Unix background).  That said, I was a working manager of a Technical R&D group building a reasonably successful multi-platform Enterpriese ERP system (yes, Windows too!)  However, it is noteworthy that I also come from a very significant Open-VMS (anyone remember DEC and the VAX) and PDP-11 RSX-11m/m+ and RSTS/E background too.  So I show my age - okay - how is this -- I remember we would write our own PDP-11 bootloaders of our own custom embedded systems on PAPER TAPE punched on old ASR-33 Teletype machines, at 33 cps.  And we were lucky to have that!
